I'm off I'm off I'm off I could say this
all day long
hey I'm I could beat you lighting
effects what is it very simple it turns
things on and it turns things off and
turns things on and off
what is is a very simple you got it
on-off controller that you use to turn
things off this I got to get over this
okay turn things on and off why do you
want something with so many buttons to
turn things on and off well if you're
doing DJ work you're in a nightclub or
your own you're doing your own gig or
even if you have a band karaoke whatever
the case may be if you own a nightclub
you need you need a couple of these for
your DJ booth what you want to do is
build a turn things on and off very very
simple how do you use this let's say for
if you're a beginner DJ and you have
maybe six seven lights well it's really
really boring to have all those lights
going on at the same time because it's
just gonna people are going to get bored
that's the way it is you want the lights
go on
oh I don't know so to make make it
interesting you put in one of these
things on the back side let me show you
the back side of this thing the back
side very very simple you have eight
outlets start standard outlets to plug
things in to to turn them on and off huh
something so simple is getting so
complicated on the front side you have
your eight switches they light up when
you turn them on to let you know it's on
B turn it off when you turn off the
switch and this little button right here
that's actually it's really handy to
have because if you over power the unit
it's not going to blow your breaker in
your nightclub or convention hall or
something like that it's just going to
do an internal fuse breaker on this turn
it off no big deal then you just push
the button and the system's back on
anyway it's an on-off controller the
primary use of this is look I got being
in the show room to show you
primary use of this unit is follow me
this is our showroom you have to excuse
the mess we have got stuff all over here
we're still we're still in the process
of putting the show them together anyway
come on over here let me show this to
you here's what most people use the
on-off controller for it's for your rack
if you've been a DJ for any length of
time where you're on a nightclub or you
have a band that kind of stuff you're
very very familiar with owning a rack
this happens to hold like eight units or
something like that anyway what you do
is you put your on-off controller in the
rack here's all your equipment this can
be on everything from controllers DMX
control was not DMX controllers this can
be your mixer board your laptop all
kinds of stuff your amplifier so all you
do is turn these on you'll see some
lights flashing in the background here
when you turn these on these controller
units have like a momentary thing but do
you know that everything's working
anyway you turn all that on now you've
got power going to right here all your
controllers so you can start turning
those on which in this case I have these
good these can I get two lights that's
going to turn your lights up very simple
to operate
you just plug and go I guess what you
would call it everybody's got this
American DJ has it eliminator has it
like I say MBT everyone's got this unit
great little unit for the price and
again you can use it for your rack or
you can use it as a standalone unit to
turn your lights on and off if you're
just getting going as DJ then later on
when you get more equipment and more
mixers and more lights you'll end up
buying a rack and then you can use it in
your rack simple as that
hey thanks for visiting